[Applause]
the Chavo we've got motorcycles on our
ass I need a new vehicle ASAP this is an
overwatch operation our team is engaged
in a higher form of patriotism
it's not a military operation the goal
is to complete the mission at any cost
we'd be weak on a beach you're never
gonna do something normal until you die
that's what this job is I'm not you
you're pretty close besides this is my
Beach feel the sand between my toes
sir you ever walk in Boise that's my
asset local Special Forces sent him to
medical to see if he's resize he is what
is your name
leaner are you involved in acts of
espionage yes I have information that
proofs my government is planning an
attack on the United States you have no
idea how evil my government is
lutely under been to the US and I keep
see everything it's like a drive you're
going up against this country's elite
tactical squads back correct
no one ever enters a war thinking they
were loose but one side is always wrong
I'll give you some advice
you ready stop they miss that plane we
have failed they miss that plane they
are dead
[Music]
failure is not an option
we'll get him out we're saved millions
of lives
requesting hand of God coming down
[Music]
you